MASTER SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

Version 20221107

THIS MASTER SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT (“AGREEMENT”) GOVERNS YOUR USE OF THE
LICENSED MATERIALS. INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE,
INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT REGARDLESS OF
WHETHER YOU CLICK THE “ACCEPT” BUTTON. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS
AND CONDITIONS OR IF YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS
LICENSE ON BEHALF OF YOUR EMPLOYER, DECLINE THE LICENSE TERMS AND DO NOT USE
THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION. THESE TERMS GOVERN YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE
LICENSED MATERIALS THAT YOU DOWNLOAD NOW OR IN THE FUTURE, INCLUDING SUCH
ADDITIONAL SOFTWARE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE LICENSED MATERIALS YOU
HAVE SELECTED, AND ALL UPDATES AND VERSIONS OF SUCH SOFTWARE.

1. Definitions.

   “Application” means a product developed by Licensee, or for Licensee by
   a third party, that contains Licensed Programs.

   “Authorized Application” means an Application that contains,
   integrates, is packaged with, or functions with a Silicon Labs Device
   in Licensee’s Application. This includes a Licensed Program embedded in
   a network co-processor or host processor that operates in conjunction
   with a Silicon Labs Device.

   “Authorized Subcontractor” means a third-party subcontractor that you
   engage to design or manufacture Authorized Applications and has
   executed an agreement that is consistent with the terms of this
   Agreement, including its confidentiality provisions. At all times, you
   shall remain responsible for the actions or non-actions of you
   Authorized Subcontractors the same as if the action on non-action was
   committed by you.

   “Beta Software” means Software, including Software included within an
   SDK, that is undergoing testing or further development, and has not
   reached the generally available (GA) stage of development.

   “Commercial License” means an executed, in effect, software license
   agreement between Licensee and Silicon Labs that governs Licensee’s
   rights and obligations with respect to Licensee’s use of Micrium
   Software.

   "Commercial Purpose” means embedding Micrium Software in any
   Application that you sell or license to End Users or plan to do so.

   “Derivative Works” means a work based upon the Source Code version of
   the Software, such as a revision, modification, translation,
   abridgment, condensation, expansion or any other form in which such
   Software may be recast, transformed or adapted, and that, if prepared
   without authorization from Silicon Labs, would constitute copyright
   infringement.

   “Development Tool” means a software provided by Silicon Labs to enable
   development of Authorized Applications, configuration of Silicon Labs
   Devices and Software.

   “Documentation” means Silicon Labs technical documentation related to
   the Software, excluding advertising or marketing materials.

   “Embedded Stacks” means Software (other than Micrium Software) that is
   stack libraries, application layers, and example code.

   “End User” means a purchaser, sublicensee, recipient and/or user of an
   Application obtained directly or indirectly from Licensee.

   “External Manufacturers” means a third-party manufacturer, including
   such manufacturer's subcontractors and agents, which is authorized by
   Licensee to design and/or manufacture the Applications and to use,
   install, and test the Applications and the Licensed Programs.

   “Firmware” means executable or binary code that is embedded in the
   Silicon Labs Device in ROM or flash memory and cannot be modified by
   Licensee.

   “Licensee” or “you” means the acquirer of the license rights granted by
   this Agreement. If you are an individual working solely on your own
   behalf, then you are the Licensee. If you are an employee working on
   behalf of your employer, then your employer is the Licensee and you
   confirm that you are authorized to accept the terms of this Agreement
   on behalf of your Employer.

   “Licensed Programs” means Software in Object Code form that was either
   originally in Object Code form or was compiled from the Software or
   Derivative Works and is designed to operate in Applications in
   Authorized Applications.

   “Licensed Materials” means Software and the related Documentation
   including all updates and upgrades of the foregoing.

   “Micrium Software” means the Micrium real time kernel within the
   Micrium real time operating system (Micrium OS).

   “Modified Open Source Software” means Silicon Labs' modifications to
   Open Source Software that was created by a third party.

   “Object Code” means computer programming code in binary form suitable
   for machine execution by a processor without the intervening steps of
   interpretation or compilation.

   “Open Source Software” means the Source Code version of software that
   may be freely used, modified or distributed without payment of a
   license fee or royalties subject to the terms of a publicly available
   software license, excluding Modified Open Source Software, the use of
   which is subject to the terms of this Agreement.

   “Personal Information” means data concerning an individual user,
   including but not limited to a user’s activity on a Silicon Labs
   website, location, IP address, mobile device ID, name, or biometric
   data collected, stored or transmitted by a Silicon Lab Device or
   Software.

   “SDK” means software development kit (other than Micrium Software).

   “Silicon Labs” means Silicon Laboratories Inc., a Delaware corporation
   located at 400 W. Cesar Chavez, Austin, TX 78701 if you are physically
   located within the United States. If you are physically located outside
   of the United States, Silicon Labs means Silicon Laboratories
   International Pte Ltd., a Singapore corporation located at No. 18 Tai
   Seng Street, #05-01, 18 Tai Seng, Singapore 539775.

   "Silicon Labs Devices” means Silicon Labs branded integrated circuit
   chips purchased from Silicon Labs or one of its authorized
   distributors.

   “Silicon Labs Open Source Code” means Software created by Silicon Labs
   and which is (a) delivered to Licensee in Source Code format, (b) is
   identified as open source code and (c) states that use of the software
   is subject to the terms of this Agreement.

   “Software” means the computer programing code that was downloaded or
   otherwise distributed to Licensee and which is the subject of this
   Agreement. Software may be in Object Code or Source Code form or may be
   embedded as Firmware in a Silicon Labs Device. Software includes
   Embedded Stacks, SDKs and Development Tools. Your rights are different
   depending on whether the Software is delivered to you in Object Code,
   Source Code or Firmware. Software that is Micrium Software is subject
   to specific terms and conditions defined in Section 2.

   “Source Code” means the computer programming code in an uncompiled form
   readable by humans which cannot be executed by a processor unless it is
   compiled into binary form.

   “Third Party Software” means any software that Silicon Labs has
   licensed from a third party.

   “Warranty Period” means the period of time ending thirty (30) days
   after the first delivery of the Software to the Licensee, whether such
   delivery is in the form of a download or actual physical delivery.

   “Unauthorized Use” means use or inclusion of the Licensed Materials in
   (a) aeronautical, aerospace, military or nuclear applications; (b) FDA
   Class III or other devices for which FDA premarket approval is
   required; (c) implantable devices; (d) life support or life endangering
   applications where failure or inaccuracy might cause death or personal
   injury; and (e) automotive or transportation applications or
   environments unless the specific Silicon Labs Device has been
   designated by Silicon Labs as compliant with ISO/TS 16949 requirements.

2. Micrium Software.

   The terms and conditions in this Section 2 apply only to Micrium
   Software and take precedence over any other conflicting terms of this
   Agreement.

   2.1. Grant of Micrium Software License. Upon accepting this Agreement
   and downloading the Micrium Software, subject to your compliance with
   the terms of this Agreement, Silicon Labs hereby grants you a limited,
   non-exclusive, nontransferable license for the Term (as described in
   Section 23), as follows:

   2.1.1. You and your Authorized Subcontractors may modify the Source
   Code version of Micrium Software for the sole purpose of adapting the
   Micrium Software to your application.

   2.1.2. You may embed the Micrium Software exclusively in products
   developed by you or by your Authorized Subcontractors on your behalf
   during the Term that embed the Micrium Software into Silicon Labs
   Devices (the “End Products”).

   2.1.3. You may distribute copies of the Object Code version of the
   Micrium Software solely to the extent that such copies are embedded in
   End Products.

   2.2. Micrium Software License Restrictions. Your use of the Micrium
   Software is subject to the following restrictions:

   2.2.1. You may allow Authorized Subcontractors to access and use the
   Micrium Software solely to the extent necessary to adapt the Micrium
   Software to your application.

   2.2.2. Except as provided in this Agreement, neither you, your
   Authorized Subcontractors, nor any of your downstream customers may
   sell, transfer, sublicense, distribute, or disseminate in any way the
   Object Code or executable code of the Micrium Software in any written
   or electronic manner.

   2.2.3. Neither you, your Authorized Subcontractors, nor any of your
   downstream customers may distribute the Source Code version of Micrium
   Software to any third party under any circumstances. You shall ensure
   that each of your employees and Authorized Subcontractors that work
   with Micrium Software are aware of this restriction.

   2.2.4. Except as permitted in this Agreement, neither you, your
   Authorized Subcontractors, nor any of your downstream customer may
   embed the Micrium Software in any integrated circuit device that is not
   a Silicon Labs Device.

   2.3. End User Support. You agree to be fully responsible for all End
   User support services and warranty costs for all End Products.

   2.4. Commercial Purpose. You are permitted to use the Micrium Software
   for a Commercial Purpose only if you embed the Micrium Software into a
   Silicon Labs Device. You may not embed the Micrium Software in a
   non-Silicon Labs Device unless you and Silicon Labs execute a separate
   Commercial License Agreement expressly permitting such use.

   2.5. Ownership. Silicon Labs is and shall remain the sole and exclusive
   owner of the Micrium Software and all Documentation, media, manuals,
   specifications, instructions and printed materials, and any copies or
   portions thereof, furnished by Silicon Labs for use with the Micrium
   Software. You own any improvements or modifications to the Micrium
   Software made by you or your Authorized Subcontractor on your behalf to
   adapt Micrium Software for use in your End Products.

   2.6. Maintenence and Support. Standard maintenance and technical
   support, such as bug fixes, correction of failures, updates and
   maintenance patches is provided to you at no cost for one year from
   date that you download the Micrium Software. Silicon Labs may use a
   variety of methods, including but not limited to telephone, Internet
   and/or e-mail, to provide such maintenance and support.

3. 8051 SDK.

   The terms and condition in this Section 3 apply only to the 8051 SDK
   and take precedence over any other conflicting terms of this Agreement.

   3.1. 8051 SDK. The 8051 SDK consists of the following items:

   3.1.1. Drivers;

   3.1.2. Peripheral libraries (excluding CSLIB); and

   3.1.3. Example application code.

   3.2. Installation and Use Rights.

   3.2.1. You may download and install the 8051 SDK on one or more
   computers and make any number of copies.

   3.2.2. You may internally evaluate the 8051 SDK. If you elect to use
   the 8051 SDK for any other purpose, including modification and
   distribution, then the following additional terms apply to you.

   3.2.3. You may modify any files for your own use.

   3.2.4. You may redistribute to your customers applications that you
   develop using the 8051 SDK. Your redistribution may be in any form,
   including executable binary code, source code, physical media and
   Internet downloads.

   3.3. Restrictions.

   3.3.1. You may not use the 8051 SDK with any integrated circuit
   products other than those designed and manufactured by Silicon Labs.

   3.3.2. Except as provided above, you may not redistribute, sublicense,
   assign, rent or lease any portion of the 8051 SDK to any third party.

   3.3.3. You may not modify or distribute the 8051 SDK so that all or any
   part of it becomes Open Source Software.

   3.3.4. You may not obscure or remove any product identification,
   copyright or other notices that appear on or in the 8051 SDK, including
   any notices from third parties.

   3.3.5. You may not redistribute any modified or unmodified version of
   the 8051 SDK to any third party as a standalone product.

   3.4. Ownership. Silicon Labs is and shall remain the owner of the 8051
   SDK at all times. Applications that you develop using the 8051 SDK
   shall belong to you.

4. License Grant.

   Silicon Labs hereby grants Licensee a limited, non-transferable,
   non-exclusive, perpetual license to use the Licensed Materials solely
   under the following terms and condition:

   4.1. Object Code. With respect to Software (other than Micrium
   Software) that is delivered to Licensee by Silicon Labs in Object Code
   format, Licensee may:

   4.1.1. (a) if the Software is an Embedded Stack, you may install one
   copy of the Software and its components all together on a single
   computer, and if the Software is copied onto another computer, the
   original copy must be deleted or otherwise made irreversibly
   inoperable; (b) if the Software is an SDK or a Development Tool, you
   may make multiple copies of the Software for your own internal use;

   4.1.2. store one copy of the Software for archival (non-operational)
   purposes only, so long as access to such copy is restricted;

   4.1.3. use the Licensed Materials to develop applications to be used to
   program Silicon Labs Devices;

   4.1.4. incorporate the Licensed Materials into Authorized Applications;

   4.1.5. facilitate the integration of the Licensed Materials and Silicon
   Labs Devices into Authorized Applications; and

   4.1.6. distribute copies of the Licensed Materials to Licensee’s
   end-user customers, to the extent such copies are in Object Code form
   only and are incorporated into Authorized Applications.

   4.2. Source Code. With respect to Software (other than Micrium Software
   and Silicon Labs Open Source Software) that is delivered to Licensee by
   Silicon Labs in Source Code format, Licensee may:

   4.2.1. use the sample application software in Source Code format to
   develop and compile applications for use in Authorized Applications;

   4.2.2. copy, prepare Derivative Works of, compile and modify Source
   Code of the Silicon Labs Software, solely to enable Licensee to design,
   develop, modify, test, support and/or debug Derivative Works and/or
   Licensed Programs that are intended to operate in Authorized
   Applications;

   4.2.3. reproduce and distribute Derivative Works to Authorized
   Subcontractors under agreements consistent with Licensee’s rights and
   obligations under this Agreement solely (a) to modify for Licensee’s
   use in developing and maintaining the Licensed Programs; and (b) to
   enable Licensee to distribute Licensed Programs externally to End Users
   in accordance with Section 4.2.5 below;

   4.2.4. reproduce and distribute Licensed Programs internally and to
   Licensee’s External Manufacturers under agreements consistent with
   Licensee’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, solely (a) for
   Licensee’s use in developing and maintaining the Licensed Programs; and
   (b) to enable Licensee to distribute Licensed Programs externally to
   End Users in accordance with Section 4.2.5 below; and

   4.2.5. distribute Licensed Programs externally to Licensee’s End Users,
   either directly or through Licensee’s distribution channels and
   methods, but only for use with Authorized Applications and not on a
   standalone basis.

5. License Restrictions.

   The Licensed Materials shall only be used as permitted by this
   Agreement. Any use of the Licensed Materials not specifically
   authorized by this Agreement is prohibited.

   5.1. Without limiting the foregoing restriction, and except as
   authorized by this Agreement, Licensee shall not:

   5.1.1. assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer the Licensed Materials
   to any third party;

   5.1.2. reverse compile, disassemble, alter, add to, delete from, or
   otherwise modify Software delivered to Licensee in Object Code form or
   in libraries in the Licensed Materials;

   5.1.3. publish the Licensed Materials in any manner that would cause it
   to become part of the public domain or otherwise become subject to the
   terms of an Open Source Software license;

   5.1.4. use the Licensed Materials except in conjunction with Silicon
   Labs Devices;

   5.1.5. distribute the Source Code form of Software to any third party,
   in whole or in part; or

   5.1.6. remove any copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary
   notices from the Licensed Materials or any portion thereof.

   5.2. Licensee shall not use the Licensed Materials in any way to
   further the development or improvement of any product that does or
   would compete with any Silicon Labs Device.

   5.3. If the Software is provided to demonstrate the capability of
   Silicon Labs Devices, it shall be used only for this purpose.
   Incorporation of the demonstration version of Silicon Labs Software
   into Applications is solely at Licensee’s risk and liability.

   5.4. Any subsequent distribution or transfer of the Licensed Programs
   to End Users shall remain subject to the terms and conditions of this
   Agreement. Whether by execution of an end-user license agreement or
   other commercially reasonable means, Licensee shall ensure that its End
   Users’ use of the Licensed Programs shall only be permitted if they are
   incorporated into Authorized Applications. Licensee shall prohibit any
   further sublicensing, distribution, sale, marketing, reproduction,
   modification, reverse engineering or decompiling of the Licensed
   Programs.

   5.5. Licensor may include features in the Software to restrict use of
   the Software that does not comply with the terms of this Agreement.

6. Unauthorized Use.

   The Licensed Materials are not licensed, designed, intended,
   authorized, or warranted for Unauthorized Use. Licensee shall be solely
   and exclusively responsible for any Unauthorized Uses by Licensee,
   Licensee’s Authorized Subcontractors, Licensee’s End Users or other
   sublicensees, and any Unauthorized Use by such Authorized
   Subcontractors, End Users or sublicensees, with or without the
   knowledge of Licensee, shall be attributed to Licensee. Licensee agrees
   to defend and indemnify Silicon Labs for all third-party claims and for
   all damages, costs and fees, including Silicon Labs’ attorneys’ fees,
   arising from any such Unauthorized Use of the Licensed Materials.

7. Open Source Software.

   7.1. If the Software includes any Open Source Software, such Software
   and the relevant Open Source Software license under which such Software
   is licensed are disclosed at www.silabs.com. All use of such Open
   Source Software by Licensee is subject to the terms of the relevant
   open source software license and Licensee’s use of such Software is
   expressly conditioned upon Licensee’s compliance with the term of such
   license.

   7.2. If the Software is Silicon Labs Open Source Code, then the
   following provisions apply:

   7.2.1. Silicon Labs hereby grants to Licensee a perpetual, worldwide,
   non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license
   to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly
   perform, sublicense, and distribute Silicon Labs Open Source Code and
   such Derivative Works in Source Code or Object Code form.

   7.2.2. Silicon Labs hereby grants to Licensee a perpetual, worldwide,
   non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated
   in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell,
   sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Silicon Labs Open Source Code,
   where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by
   Silicon Labs that are necessarily infringed by Licensee’s use of the
   Silicon Labs Open Source Code or by combination with any other device
   or software.

   7.2.3. Licensee may add Licensee’s own copyright statement to
   Licensee’s modifications of Silicon Labs Open Source Software and may
   provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use,
   reproduction, or distribution of such modifications, or for any such
   Derivative Works as a whole, provided Licensee’s use, reproduction, and
   distribution of the Silicon Labs Open Source Software otherwise
   complies with the conditions stated in this License.

   7.2.4. Licensee may reproduce and distribute copies of the Silicon Labs
   Open Source Code or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or
   without modifications, and in Source Code or Object Code form, provided
   that Licensee meets the following conditions: (a) Licensee must give
   any other recipients of the Silicon Labs Open Source Code or Derivative
   Works a copy of this License; and (b) Licensee must cause any modified
   files to carry prominent notices stating that Licensee changed the
   files; and (c) Licensee must retain, in the Source Code form of any
   Derivative Works that Licensee distributes, all copyright, patent,
   trademark, and attribution notices from the Source Code form of the
   Silicon Labs Open Source Code, excluding those notices that do not
   pertain to any part of the Derivative Works; and (d) If the Silicon
   Labs Open Source Code includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
   distribution, then any Derivative Works that Licensee distributes must
   include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within
   such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any
   part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places:
   within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works;
   within the Source Code form or documentation, if provided along with
   the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative
   Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The
   contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do
   not modify the License. Licensee may add Licensee’s own attribution
   notices within Derivative Works that Licensee distributes, alongside or
   as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Silicon Labs Open Source
   Code, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be
   construed as modifying the License.

   7.3. With respect to Software that is not Open Source Software,
   Licensee shall not:

   7.3.1. cause the Software to become subject to any Open Source Software
   license, including but limited to the general public license (GPL) or
   the lesser general public license (LGPL);

   7.3.2. cause the Software to be disclosed into the public domain or to
   any third party except for those third parties to whom License is
   authorized to distribute Licensed Programs under Sections 4.1.6 or
   4.2.5; or

   7.3.3. cause any part of the Software to become a derivative of any
   Open Source Software.

   7.4. Licensee shall not enable or permit any of its End Users to breach
   the provisions of this Section 7, and shall include similar restrictive
   provisions in its end user license agreement with such End Users. If
   Licensee breaches this Section 7, Licensee shall indemnify and hold
   Silicon Labs harmless from all costs, claims, settlements and judgments
   incurred by Silicon Labs, including attorneys’ fees, in the process of
   defending, challenging and/or settling any demand, claim or order that
   the Software is subject to an Open Source Software license or must be
   disclosed into the public domain or to any third party.

8. Modified Open Source Software.

   Notwithstanding the terms of the Open Source Software license under
   which the Open Source Software is licensed, the following terms apply
   to modifications to such Open Source Software that constitute Modified
   Open Source Software, as defined in this Agreement. The following terms
   apply regardless of how the Modified Open Source Software was delivered
   to you.

   8.1.1. You may not use Modified Open Source Software except for use
   with Licensed Programs that are intended to operate in Authorized
   Applications.

   8.1.2. You may not obscure, modify or remove copyright notices, files
   or statements concerning ownership by Silicon Labs or reference to the
   terms of this Agreement.

   8.1.3. Subject to Sections 8.1.1 and 8.1.2:

   8.1.3.1. You may copy and compile the Source Code of the Modified Open
   Source Software.

   8.1.3.2. You may reproduce the Object Code and Source Code versions of
   Modified Open Source Software and distribute the same through multiple
   levels of distributions, including to your External Manufacturers.

   8.1.3.3. You may modify Modified Open Source Software and create
   Derivative Works of Modified Open Source Software.

9. Third Party Software.

   9.1. If the Software contains any Third Party Software, all use of such
   Third Party Software shall be subject to the terms of the license from
   such third party to Silicon Labs or a separate end user license
   agreement, if available, which may be set forth in the header files of
   the Third Party Software. You agree to comply with all terms and
   conditions for use of Third Party Software.

   9.2. Silicon Labs has licensed the BLE Homekit from Apple. You may not
   download or use the BLE Homekit software unless you have executed a MFi
   License with Apple.

   9.3. Silicon Labs has licensed emWin software, including libraries and
   executables and related documentation (collectively “emWin Library”)
   from Segger Microcontroller GmbH.  You are entitled to use the emWin
   Library free of charge, subject to the following conditions, which you
   accept by virtue of accepting the terms of this Agreement: (a) you may
   use the emWin library exclusively with EFM 32-bit microcontrollers and
   EFR radios; (b) you may not use the emWin Library to create or develop
   software that is similar to or competitive with the emWin Library; and
   (c) you may not modify the documentation that accompanies the emWin
   Library.

   9.4. Silicon Labs does not make any endorsements or representations
   concerning Third Party Software and disclaims all implied warranties
   concerning Third Party Software. Third Party Software is offered “AS
   IS.”

10. Inspection Rights.

   Silicon Labs shall have the right, upon reasonable advance notice, to
   inspect Licensee's records and facilities with respect to the
   manufacture of Applications and to receive sample units of Applications
   in order to verify that such manufacturing is within the scope of this
   Agreement, that there are appropriate security procedures to protect
   Silicon Labs’ Confidential Information, and that Licensee is in
   compliance with its other obligations under this Agreement.

11. No Other Licenses.

   The licenses granted under this Agreement are specifically set forth
   herein, and no licenses are granted by Silicon Labs to Licensee by
   implication or estoppel, and no licenses shall be granted by the
   parties’ course of doing business.

12. Beta Software.

   Beta Software, whether Object Code or Source Code (a) can only be used
   for internal development, demonstration or testing purposes; (b) cannot
   be included within Licensee’s or End-Users’ products that are intended
   for general release or high-volume production; and (c) cannot be used
   to support Z-Wave certification of Silicon Labs Devices. Silicon Labs
   does not offer any warranties on Beta Software and disclaims all
   implied warranties including, but not limited to merchantability,
   fitness for use and noninfringement. Beta Software is offered “AS IS.”
   Under no circumstances will Silicon Labs incur any liability or
   obligation to you related to your use of Beta Software. Any use of Beta
   Software by you in violation of the terms of this Agreement shall
   automatically terminate your right to use Beta Software for any purpose
   whatsoever.

13. Upgrades, Updates, New Versions.

   Although it has no obligation to do so, Silicon Labs may introduce
   updates, upgrades or new versions of the Software from time to time.
   Licensee is under no obligation to download or use the updates, upgrade
   or new version of Software; however, if Licensee elects to do so, the
   licenses granted to Licensee pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed
   to include such updates, upgrades and new versions. In the case of any
   bug fix, improvement, work-around, or correction made to the Software
   by Licensee, Licensee agrees to provide to Silicon Labs, at no cost,
   the source code and any documentation reasonably required for Silicon
   Labs to be able to incorporate such changes into the Silicon Labs
   Software.

14. Regulatory Compliance.

   Silicon Labs does not warrant that Software or any Application will
   comply with the regulatory requirements of the United States or any
   other country. Licensee is solely responsible for complying with such
   requirements and for obtaining necessary government certifications, if
   any.

15. License Fee and Royalties.

   Unless Licensee has executed a Commercial License with Silicon Labs,
   Licensee is not obligated to pay any license fees or royalties to
   Silicon Labs so long as Licensee complies with the terms of the
   licenses set forth herein. If Licensee has executed a Commercial
   License, Licensee agree to pay all license fees, maintenance fees and
   subscription fees described in such Commercial License.

16. No Resale Fees.

   Licensee may not directly or indirectly charge any fee or otherwise
   require or accept any type of monetary compensation solely for
   redistributing the Licensed Materials which is in excess of any amount
   paid to Silicon Labs for the same Licensed Materials. This does not
   apply to the sale of hardware products having the Licensed Materials in
   object code form embedded within.

17. Proprietary Rights.

   All rights and title in and to the Licensed Materials, including
   without limitation, patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks and
   trade secret rights, belong to Silicon Labs or its licensors. Except
   for the rights expressly granted herein, no other rights are granted to
   Licensee with respect to the Licensed Materials.

18. Confidential Information.

   You agree that the Licensed Materials contain confidential information,
   including trade secrets, know-how and other information, that comprise
   the exclusive property of Silicon Labs or its licensors. During the
   period this Agreement is in effect and at all times after its
   termination, you shall maintain the confidentiality of this information
   and shall not sell, license, sublicense, publish, display, distribute,
   disclose or otherwise make available this information to any third
   party nor use such information except as authorized by this Agreement.

19. Limited Warranty and Remedies.

   Silicon Labs warrants that, during the Warranty Period, the Software
   will function substantially in accordance with the Documentation when
   used with Silicon Labs Devices and that the media on which the Software
   is furnished will be free from defects in material and workmanship,
   under normal use and service, when correctly installed and maintained.
   Silicon Labs does not warrant that the functions in the Licensed
   Materials will meet Licensee’s specific requirements or that the
   operation of the Software will be uninterrupted or error free. Silicon
   Labs does not warrant that the Software does not contain any viruses or
   bugs. If Licensee notifies Silicon Labs, during the Warranty Period, of
   a failure of the Software to conform to the limited warranty stated in
   this section, Silicon Labs’ sole obligation, and Licensee’s sole
   remedy, will be, at Silicon Labs’ sole discretion: (i) replacement of
   the Software, or part thereof, with a functionally equivalent software
   product or part, or (ii) repair of the Software. Without limiting any
   term or condition stated in this Agreement, this warranty does not
   apply to any nonconformance caused by (A) improper or inadequate
   maintenance or calibration, or (B) software or interfacing equipment,
   parts or supplies not supplied by Silicon Labs or its authorized
   distributor, (C) modifications to the Software or (D) Unauthorized Use
   of the Software.

20. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER.

   EXCEPT AS PROVIDED ABOVE IN SECTION 19, THE LICENSED MATERIALS ARE
   PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
   INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
   MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT
   AND THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LICENSED
   MATERIALS IS WITH LICENSEE. SILICON LABS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE
   LICENSED MATERIALS ARE FREE FROM DEFECTS THAT COULD CAUSE VULNERABILITY
   TO CYBER-ATTACK, DATA BREACH OR PRIVACY VIOLATIONS. SILICON LABS
   DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY RELATED TO LICENSEE’S DATA THAT MAY BE
   RECEIVED, STORED OR USED BY SILICON LABS DEVICES OR SOFTWARE OR
   INTERCEPTED BY THIRD PARTIES. SILICON LABS DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR
   DAMAGES CAUSED BY THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING MACILICOUS USE OF, OR
   INTEFERENCE WITH TRANSMISSION OF, LICENSEE’S DATA.

21. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

   SILICON LABS’ SOLE OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS THE
   REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS ACCORDING TO THE
   LIMITED WARRANTY ABOVE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SILICON LABS OR ANY OF ITS
   AFFILIATES OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL,
   INCIDENTAL OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, SUCH AS (BUT NOT LIMITED TO) LOSS OF
   BUSINESS REVENUES, PROFITS OR SAVINGS OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING FROM
   THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED MATERIALS, EVEN IF SILICON
   LABS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY
   CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY. THIS INCLUDES, BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES
   ARISING FROM THE FAILURE OF THE SILICON LABS DEVICE TO TRANSMIT DATA
   ARISING FROM A FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE TO PERFORM IN SUBSTANTIAL
   ACCORDANCE WITH THE DOCUMENTATION. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TOTAL
   CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF SILICON LABS TO LICENSEE FOR ALL MATTERS
   RELATED TO THE LICENSED MATERIALS EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY LICENSEE TO
   SILICON LABS FOR SUCH LICENSED MATERIALS OR ONE UNITED STATES DOLLAR
   ($1.00 USD). YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE
   LICENSED MATERIALS REFLECTS THIS ALLOCATION OF RISK.

22. Data Collection.

   To the extent that Silicon Labs Devices collect, store or transfer
   Personal Information, Silicon Labs may use such Personal Information
   for its own internal purposes, including marketing Silicon Labs Devices
   to the user. Silicon Labs will not sell Personal Information to third
   parties. Silicon Labs Devices will not transfer Personal Information to
   other devices in a network or to third parties except to the extent
   necessary to perform the intended function of the Silicon Labs Device.
   Silicon Labs will not be liable to Licensee or Licensee’s customers for
   (a) any intended transfer of Personal Information described in the
   Documentation for the Silicon Labs Device; (b) any unintended transfer
   of Personal Information or loss of data caused by any third parties or
   third party devices or software, including hacking, malware,
   eavesdropping, man-in-the-middle attacks or other intentional acts; or
   (c) unauthorized access to or misuse of Personal Information by third
   parties.

23. Term and Termination.

   This Agreement will take effect on the date the Licensed Materials are
   acquired by or delivered to Licensee, and will remain in effect unless
   terminated as provided below. If you breach any of your obligations
   under this Agreement, this Agreement will immediately and automatically
   terminate. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying
   all copies of the Licensed Materials. Upon termination of this
   Agreement, you shall immediately discontinue the use of the Licensed
   Materials and shall return or provide certification to Silicon Labs of
   the destruction of all copies of the Licensed Materials. You many keep
   one copy of the Licensed Materials for archival (non-operational)
   purposes only, so long as access to such copies is restricted. If the
   Agreement is terminated by Silicon Labs, you may continue to distribute
   copies of the Software already installed in finished inventory, but you
   may not make any additional copies or install the Software in
   additional products. All provisions of this Agreement relating to
   disclaimers of warranties, limitation of liability, remedies or
   damages, and Silicon Labs’ proprietary rights, shall survive any
   termination of this Agreement for any reason.

24. Termination of License.

   If you institute patent litigation against Silicon Labs or any of its
   Affiliates (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit)
   alleging that the Licensed Programs directly or indirectly infringe a
   patent of Licensee, then any patent licenses granted to you under this
   Agreement for that Licensed Program shall terminate as of the date such
   litigation is filed.

25. Export Restrictions.

   You may not export or re-export the Software or any Licensed Programs,
   or any copy thereof, in violation of any applicable laws or
   regulations.

26. Amendments.

   This Agreement may be amended unilaterally by Silicon Labs at any time.
   The most recent version of this Agreement supersedes and replaces all
   prior versions. In the event of any conflicting terms, the terms of the
   most recent version of this Agreement shall control.

27. Miscellaneous.

   This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding
   between the parties and neither party shall be bound by any conditions,
   definitions, warranties, understandings or representations with respect
   to the subject matter hereof other than as provided herein or as duly
   set forth on or after the date hereof in writing and signed by a proper
   and duly authorized representative of the party to be bound thereby.
   The failure of any party at any time to require performance of any
   provision of this Agreement shall in not affect the right of such party
   to enforce the terms of this Agreement at a later time. No waiver by
   any party of any condition or of any breach of any term contained in
   this Agreement, in any one or more instances, shall be construed as a
   further or continuing waiver of any such condition or of any breach of
   any such term or any other term set forth in this Agreement. If any
   provision of this Agreement is unenforceable for any reason, the
   remaining terms of the Agreement shall not be deemed invalid,
   inoperative, or unenforceable and, if possible, the unenforceable
   provision shall be modified or interpreted in a manner to make it
   enforceable.

28. Governing Law.

   This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas,
   United States of America, without regard to that state’s conflicts of
   laws rules. The 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
   International Sale of Goods shall not apply. In any dispute arising out
   of this Agreement, the parties each consent to the exclusive personal
   jurisdiction and venue in the State and Federal courts located within
   Travis County, Texas, United States of America. All disputes concerning
   this Agreement shall be resolved by binding arbitration in Travis
   County, Texas before a single arbitrator. The arbitration shall be
   administered by JAMS pursuant to JAMS’ Streamlined Arbitration Rules
   and Procedures. The arbitration award shall include an award of
   attorneys’ fees to the prevailing party. Judgment on the award may be
   entered in any court having jurisdiction. This clause shall not
   preclude parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of
   arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction.

29. Injunctive Relief.

   The copying, disclosure, or use of the Software in a manner
   inconsistent with any provision of this Agreement or the improper use
   of the Silicon Labs trademarks may cause irreparable injury to Silicon
   Labs for which Silicon Labs may not have an adequate remedy at law.
   Silicon Labs may be entitled to equitable relief in court, including
   but not limited to temporary restraining orders, preliminary
   injunctions and permanent injunctions.

30. Silicon Labs Trademarks.

   Silicon Labs and the Silicon Labs logo are trademarks of Silicon
   Laboratories Inc. in the United States and other countries. No use of
   the Silicon Labs trademarks by Licensee is implied or consented to by
   Silicon Labs by entering into this Agreement.

31. Commercial Computer Software.

   If Licensee is an agency of the U.S. Government, the following will
   apply: The Software has been developed entirely at private expense, is
   regularly used for nongovernmental purposes and has been licensed to
   the public. The Software is a “commercial item” as that term is defined
   in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of “commercial computer
   software” and “commercial computer software documentation” as those
   terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995) or as “commercial
   computer software” as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 252.227-7014
   (June 1995) or any equivalent agency regulation or contract clause,
   whichever is applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R.
   227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government agencies
   acquire only those rights to the Software as are expressly set forth
   herein.
